schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/setCryostatWarmup.sch
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/powerModeReadout.sch
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/noiseDiode3min.sch(30m)
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/polarisationModeReadout.sch
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/noiseDiode3min.sch(30m)
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/powerModeReadout.sch
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/noiseDiode3min.sch(30m)
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/polarisationModeReadout.sch
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/noiseDiode3min.sch(30m)
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/powerModeReadout.sch
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/noiseDiode3min.sch(30m)
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/polarisationModeReadout.sch
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/noiseDiode3min.sch(30m)
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/powerModeReadout.sch
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/noiseDiode3min.sch(30m)
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/polarisationModeReadout.sch
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/noiseDiode3min.sch(30m)
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/powerModeReadout.sch
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/noiseDiode3min.sch(30m)
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/polarisationModeReadout.sch
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/noiseDiode3min.sch(30m)
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/powerModeReadout.sch
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/noiseDiode3min.sch(30m)
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/polarisationModeReadout.sch
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/noiseDiode3min.sch(30m)
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/powerModeReadout.sch
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/noiseDiode3min.sch(30m)
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/polarisationModeReadout.sch
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/noiseDiode3min.sch(30m)
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/powerModeReadout.sch
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/noiseDiode3min.sch(30m)
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/polarisationModeReadout.sch
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/noiseDiode3min.sch(30m)
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/powerModeReadout.sch
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/noiseDiode3min.sch(30m)
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/polarisationModeReadout.sch
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/noiseDiode3min.sch(30m)
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/powerModeReadout.sch
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/noiseDiode3min.sch(30m)
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/polarisationModeReadout.sch
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/noiseDiode3min.sch(30m)
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/powerModeReadout.sch
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/noiseDiode3min.sch(30m)
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/polarisationModeReadout.sch
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/noiseDiode3min.sch(30m)
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/powerModeReadout.sch
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/noiseDiode3min.sch(30m)
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/polarisationModeReadout.sch
schedule ~/cbass/gcpCbass/control/sch/noiseDiode3min.sch(30m)